✅Write a code to reverse a number
✅Write the code to find the Fibonacci series upto the nth term.
✅Write the code of Greatest Common Divisor
✅Write a code for the Perfect number
✅Write a code to check if two Strings are Anagram or not
✅Write a code to check if the given string is a palindrome or not
✅Write a code to calculate the frequency of characters in a string
Write a code to check if two strings match, where one string contains wildcard characters.
✅Write a code for bubble sort
How is the merge sort algorithm implemented?
Write to code to check whether a given year is leap year or not.
Find non-repeating characters in a string
Write a code to replace a substring in a string.
Write a code for Heap sort.
Write a code to replace each element in an array by its rank in the array
Write a code to find circular rotation of an array by K positions.
Write a code to find non repeating elements in an array.
Write a code to check for the longest palindrome.
Write a code to find the factorial of a number.
Write the code to for Armstrong number
Write a program to find the sum of Natural Numbers using Recursion
Write a program to add two matrices using multi-dimensional array
Write a program to find the sum of natural numbers using recursion
Write a code to check a string is palindrome or not
Write a program for binary to decimal to conversion
Write a program to check whether a character is vowel or consonant
Write a code to find an automorphic number
Write a code to find the ASCII value of a character
Write a code to remove all characters from string except alphabets
Write a code to find the Fibonacci Series using Recursion
Write a code to Reverse the element of the array
 Write a code to Sort the element of the array
 Write a code to Sort the element of the array without sort method
 Write a code to Replace a Substring in a string
 Write a code to Remove space from a string
Write a code to count inversion
 Write a code to find consecutive largest subsequence
 Write a code to find Fibonacci Series using Recursion